Update DHCPv6 server requirement (#3541)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_requirements-for-installation-in-an-ipv6-network.adoc

Before installing {Project} in an IPv6 network, ensure that you meet the following requirements:

> * You must deploy an external IPv6 DHCP server as a separate, unmanaged service to communicate with the network boot process and to manage IP address assignment.

Author: "standalone service"?

> * You must deploy an external IPv6 DHCP server as a separate, unmanaged service to communicate with the network boot process and to manage IP address assignment.

Reviewer: Perhaps something like:
```suggestion
* You must deploy your own DHCPv6 server to manage IP address assignment since {Project} is unable to manage and integrate with it.
```

That would also make the sentence below it redundant.

> * You must deploy an external IPv6 DHCP server as a separate, unmanaged service to communicate with the network boot process and to manage IP address assignment.

Author: I think it's pretty clear as it is.

> * You must deploy an external IPv6 DHCP server as a separate, unmanaged service to communicate with the network boot process and to manage IP address assignment.

Reviewer: I disagree because I got questions from @stejskalleos what unmanaged DHCPv6 is and I honestly have a hard time defining it as well. IMHO it's a confusing term that Satellite invented and we should get rid of or include in the glossary (though preferably the former).

> * You must deploy an external IPv6 DHCP server as a separate, unmanaged service to manage IP address assignment and more importantly to communicate with the network boot process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You must deploy an external IPv6 DHCP server as a separate, unmanaged service to manage IP address assignment and to communicate with the network boot process.
```

alternative: mention the more important part first:

```suggestion
* You must deploy an external IPv6 DHCP server as a separate, unmanaged service to communicate with the network boot process and to manage IP address assignment.
```

> This is required because the {SmartProxy} DHCP plugin does not provide support for DHCPv6 management yet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is required because the {SmartProxy} DHCP plugin does not provide support for DHCPv6 management.
```

Before installing {Project} in an IPv6 network, ensure that you meet the following requirements:

> * You must deploy an external DHCPv6 server as a separate, unmanaged service to communicate with the network boot process and to manage IP address assignment.
> This is required because the {SmartProxy} DHCP plugin does not provide support for DHCPv6 management.

Author: ```suggestion
* You must deploy an external DHCPv6 server and cofigure it manually to communicate with the network boot process and to manage IP address assignment because {Project} cannot integrate with a DHCPv6 server and manage its configuration.
```

> This is required because the {SmartProxy} DHCP plugin does not provide support for DHCPv6 management.

Reviewer: Late to the party, but I like that.
